Full-color Paradise-Netrek client images README
-----------------------------------------------

The pixmaps in this directory are for the Paradise full-color client.
By default, the client looks for these in ~/.paradise/images or in
${datadir}/paradise/images (datadir is usually /usr/share or /usr/local/share).
If you install them anywhere else, add an entry to your .xtrekrc or
.paradiserc:

shipBitmapPath: (full path to bitmap directory here)

This client requires at least an 8-bit color display.  Then again,
who doesn't have a 32-bit color display in this day & age... ;)
This client also requires reasonable horsepower.  Running in bitmap
mode really impacts display update performance.  Running in pixmap mode 
(for some reason) requires somewhat less; double buffering in pixmap
mode requires about 30% more.

Other notes -->

     * TURN LOCAL BUFFERING OFF, unless you have a FAST machine and X server.

     * Pixmap sets for both Bronco & Paradise are included.  For Bronco,
       the .bronco.colored set is used for enemies, and the .bronco set
       is used for friendly players.  Likewise, for Paradise, the .colored
       set is used for enemies, and the normal pixmaps are used for
       friendly players.

       In addition, the Rom DD, CA, and BB also have painted versions (none
       exist for the SC and AS).  High ranking or prestigious Romulan
       Commanders often had painted vessels, and, as a rule of thumb, such
       Commanders only flew powerful vessels like CAs and BBs.  The DD is
       painted because it's a commonly used vessel, and it makes telling Rom
       and Klingon DDs apart much easier.  The AS and SC are pretty distinct,
       and didn't need to appear painted, IMO.  You can pick and choose which
       vessels you want painted and which ones you don't by merely renaming
       some files in the Rom subdirectory.  The ones WITHOUT the
       ".painted" extensions are the ones being used by the client.

     * There are green and orange torp pixmaps, blue and orange plasma
       pixmaps, accompanying explosions, and a NEW SHIP EXPLOSION.
       The explosion is "explosion2.xpm"; rename it to use it.

New .xtrekrc/.paradiserc options:

xpm: on/off
local.buffered: on/off
showLocal: R-F-S-T/r-f-s-t (example "showLocal: Rt" will give you
                            (R)esource planets with (t)eam overlays)
showGalactic: R-F-S-T (example "showGalactic: F" will give you
                        (F)acility planets)
preload: on/off

Credits:

PIXMAP CODE AND ASSORTED CLIENT MODS
Bill Dyess (current beta code)
Rob Forsman (original alpha code)

ARTWORK
Brandon Gillespie
Mike McGrath
Joe Rumsey
Ola Andersson

SOUND SUPPORT:
Sujal Patel
